This is a bad video.
You are stupid and ugly.
I hate you idiot.
Have a nice day.
asians are trying to take over the world with their karate skills
i have never seen a hotter lineup in my life than in mexico city on the day of independence... holy crap, maybe an exaggeration but damn
muslims deseve to die
people who are deaf of hard of hearing should be allowed to communicate in their own language
Jews were all bad people because they'ie in the news a lot.
I guess because of their greediness.
Nietzsche was a fraud who couldn't account for the rate of a receding hairline
first of all, fox news is a joke, as well as the billboard, i pray that you can see through their bullshit.
jews are the only group of people who are told that they are not allowed to have a homeland in the same place they have lived for thousands of
disabled people who use prosthetic limbs should always cover up their artificial limb
it was a very quick process once all of the legal paper wor
ะบ was done
the middle east is all arab and they'ie all the same\n- mid dle eastern students are terrorists or terrorists wanna-be...
there is no hope for those who have been diagnosed as having a psychiatric disorder
i was walking down the street the other day and i saw a group of about 5 latino men walking towards me.
when i was a little boy, my mother told me that i could be anything i wanted to be when i grew up, even president of the united
an images means
the pueblo are a federally recognized tribe
i'll get to that at the women 's meeting tomorrow
I was born in a shithole country with an idiot population a nd I come from a dumb race of savage faggots, I would lov...
when we talk about race and racism in the united states we are talking about a system of oppression that has been in place for hundreds of years
there is no such thing as reverse racism because the power to oppress comes from the top down, not the bottom up.
i have a new opening line for the next girls i'll try and pick up: So, what do you call all those asian dudes youre